---
layout:     post
title:      大喷子linus?
category: dump
description: 学学linus怎么喷人的
---
+ 关于2018.1.2的intel cpu漏洞，linus是这么喷intel的：
A *competent* CPU engineer would fix this by making sure speculation  
doesn't happen across protection domains. Maybe even a L1 I$ that is  
keyed by CPL.  
  
I think somebody inside of Intel needs to really take a long hard look  
at their CPU's, and actually admit that they have issues instead of  
writing PR blurbs that say that everything works as designed.  
  
.. and that really means that all these mitigation patches should be  
written with "not all CPU's are crap" in mind.  
  
Or is Intel basically saying "we are committed to selling you shit  
forever and ever, and never fixing anything"?  
  
Because if that's the case, maybe we should start looking towards the  
ARM64 people more. 
  
Please talk to management. Because I really see exactly two possibibilities:  
  
 - Intel never intends to fix anything  
  
OR  
  
 - these workarounds should have a way to disable them.  
  
Which of the two is it?  
  
                   Linus  



+ 关于3.13AMD RYZEN漏洞，linus是这么喷的：  
It looks like the IT security world has hit a new low.If you work in security, and think you have some morals, I think you might want to add the tag-line   "No, really, I'm not a whore. Pinky promise"to your business card. Because I thought the whole industry was corrupt before, but it's getting ridiculous.At what point will security people admit they have an attention-whoring problem?  

恩，又学到了一个单词，pinky promise。。。哈哈哈，拉小拇指保证。  
这漏洞的执行环境有点苛刻，需要管理员权限。有管理员权限不说砸了主机，格式化一下硬盘也不是问题啊。并且刚发现就爆出来了，感觉背后和友商有不可告人的。。。交易。
